asciilove 	Convert images to ASCII art in your command line
glyphviewer 	A Django app for examining web fonts and the characters they contain.
kdenlive-tools 	Command line tools for Kdenlive projects.
Kivy 	A software library for rapid development of hardware-accelerated multitouch applications.
m5fahrrad 	M5Fahrrad analyses my bike messenger data.
metasyntactic 	metasyntactic - Themed metasyntactic variables names
prose-wc 	Jekyll-aware prose wordcount utility
random-cat 	Modul/Command Line Tool to get cat images
cropper 	Simple image slicing program
diapason 	Python module to deal with note sounds.
fluid-nexus 	PyQt4 application that enables one to share messages and data independent of centralized data networks
gnofract4d 	A program to create fractal images
Titelouze 	Framework to easily build LilyPond books.
vis-framework 	The VIS Framework for Music Analysis
WinWallpaper 	Windows Background Changer
aperturesynth 	A tool for registering and combining series of handheld photographs
athenaCL 	modular poly-paradigm algorithmic music composition in a cross-platform interactive command-line environment.
django-smileys 	Easily replace things like :) and B-) with smilies on your Django-powered site.
django-smileys-plus 	Easily add, use and manage smileys on your Django-powered site.
django-watermark 	Quick and efficient way to apply watermarks to images in Django.
img2scad 	Image to OpenSCAD converter
kraconvert 	Konverts Krita .kra files into PNG and JPEG.
musictheory 	Provides classes for "music set theory"-like analysis.
Phatch 	PHoto bATCH Processor & Renamer
scimpy 	Speaker design and impedance measuring tool
webgobbler 	Downloads random images from the web and mixes them.
anikom15 	Anikom15’s Computer Game
giftoa 	Python script which compiles a native binary that plays a GIF in ASCII on the terminal using ncurses.
notizen 	Indexing and searching of personal notes.
pica 	A curses-based probabilistic cellula automata.
PyArtistsGallery 	Image gallery for artists
qr2scad 	QR code to OpenSCAD converter
randomstate 	Next-gen RandomState supporting multiple PRNGs
text-rearranger 	a program that randomly redistributes the contents of a stream of text
uncrumpled_kivy 	A software library for rapid development of hardware-accelerated multitouch applications.
chordgenerator 	A Django app for enumerating chords in a scale.
improviser 	Automatic music generation software
matriz 	Networked Music Performance software
mian 	Graph blocks to height in a Minecraft save game
NameThatColor 	Find human-readable color names for hex values
NodeBox 	Simple application for creating 2-dimensional graphics and animation using Python code
PyMT 	A framework for making accelerated multitouch UI
pythoneon 	a Python library for producing electronic music
scramble 	A library for scrambling streams of text.
summon 	A general 2D visualization prototyping module
twyg 	Generative tree visualiser for Python
adventure 	Colossal Cave adventure game at the Python prompt
ao.tron 	Tron board and utilities.
ascii_py 	Make ascii art
AtoD 	Easy access to DotA2 internal data.
backlog_puller 	A python module for pulling data from a backloggery account in a variety of different formats
bacon 	Bacon Game Engine
boardgamegeek2 	A Python interface to boardgamegeek.com's API
boggleboard 	Manipulate and analyse anagrams and variations of Boggle boards.
botchallenge 	A Python API for interacting with a Minecraft server plugin to control a bot.
CLAchievements 	🟟 Command Line Achievements — Make command line fun again! 🟟
CombatWiz 	A combat simulator
ConwayCPU 	The Game of Life, living on your CPU
d3gem 	Diablo 3 gem crafting helper
Darc 	Darc is an archiving system for use in media projects that allows developers to contain and use their data files from .darc files that store data in a bz2 compressed and AES encrypted (optional) format.
dice-notation 	Dice notation tools
django-bingo 	Bingo
El-Cuestionario 	A tiny web application to display and evaluate single-page questionnaires
Endgame-Singularity 	A simulation of a true AI
eote-dice 	Utility for analyzing EotE dice rolls.
eRepublik_pyBot 	Bot for the game eRepublik.
esper 	Esper is a lightweight Entity System for Python, with a focus on performance.
fallingsky 	A game of falling blocks with RPG elements, uses pygame.
fgmk 	A PyQt5 Maker to generate a RPG Javascript game.
fireplace 	Pure-python Hearthstone re-implementation and simulator
fishnet 	Distributed Stockfish analysis for lichess.org
Flask-SL 	Basic recognition of Second Life® requests.
fs-uae-wrapper 	Automate archives and state for fs-uae
Fungus 	A simple scene based game engine building on pyglet.
game24 	A console application to play the 24 game
GameOfLife 	Conway's Game of Life - Cellular Automata.
genedoku 	A simple python package that solves sudokus using genetic algorithms
glicko 	An improvement of the Elo rating system
glsvg 	OpenGL SVG Renderer
gol 	Curses implementation of Conway's Game Of Life with an evolutionary twist
gomill 	Tools for testing and tuning Go-playing programs
gshogi 	A Shogi Program (Japanese Chess)
habitica-challenge-wrangler 	Habitica Challenge Data Wrangler - pick winners from challenge data
hearthstone 	CardDefs.xml parser and Hearthstone enums for Python
herculeum 	Small roguelike game
hvsi 	HvsI webapp
hypatia_engine 	2D action adventure game engine
hyppy 	HAPI wrapper and tools for the online game Hyperiums
Imaginary 	Virtual simulation framework.
imgui 	Cython-based Python bindings for dear imgui
Kivy 	A software library for rapid development of hardware-accelerated multitouch applications.
krpc 	Client library for kRPC, a Remote Procedure Call server for Kerbal Space Program
krpctools 	Development tools and scripts for kRPC.
lex4py 	Python wrapper for the SC4Devotion LEX API
libavg 	High-level development platform for interactive installations
mara 	A framework for network services, talkers and MUDs
MDB 	Browse imdb data for a folder full of movies!
meme 	Use the command line to generate memes on memegenerator.co
mem-edit 	Multi-platform library for memory editing
metasyntactic 	metasyntactic - Themed metasyntactic variables names
MovieList 	A utility to catalogue and play media.
mtxPython 	A framework to create matrix games
mygame 	My misguided attempt to do something interesting.
mzgeo97 	an RPG with focus on world history
Nano-Assault 	UNKNOWN
ninarow 	N-in-a-row Game
osrparse 	Python implementation of osu! rhythm game replay parser.
peachy 	A python3 game development framework
pgoapi 	Pokemon Go API lib
pgzero 	A zero-boilerplate 2D games framework
PokerSleuth 	A wrapper for the Poker Sleuth Scriptable Equity Calculator
pride 	Python runtime and integrated development environment
privatizace 	Logical game, a homage to the old game Velká privatizace
puzpy 	python crossword puzzle library
puzzlepy 	Python package for generating, solving, and testing grid-based puzzle games.
py2048-game 	PyGTK implementation of the popular 2048 game
PyCraft 	High quality Minecraft world editor
pydaedalus 	Python wrapper of Daedalus monochrome maze
pydcs 	A Digital Combat Simulator mission builder framework
pydice 	Tools for simulating dice and die-rolling
pygtp 	Python library for Go Text Protocol controllers and engines
py-hangman 	A 2-player version of Hangman
pymunk 	Pymunk is a easy-to-use pythonic 2d physics library
pyNES 	Python Programming for Nintendo 8bits
PyNgine 	Minimalist 3D game engine
pyrilla 	Python binding to gorilla-audio library
pysay 	A Python version of cowsay
pyscumm 	A SCUMM based engine for Python
pysokoban 	A highly customizable sokoban implementation using Python's tkinter.
pysteroids 	A clone of the game Asteroids, with some extra bells and whistles
python-blueprint 	Magical blueprints for procedural generation of content.
qtMUD 	framework for building and running MUDs
roundtm 	RoundTM - A Round based Tournament Manager.
rumbleinthejungle 	A command-line program that prints rhyming phrases.
satbot 	Read data from commonly-available "satellite" hobby R/C receivers.
ScreenCapture 	Take screenshots of LameStation games!
scriptabit 	Python scripting for Habitica via the API
sge-pygame 	A 2-D game engine for Python
shakyo 	a tool to learn about something just by typing it
slider 	Utilities for working with osu! files and data
slither 	A Python module that uses PyGame to bring Scratch-like features to Python
smserver 	An implementation of a Stepmania server
Soya3 	A practical high-level object-oriented 3D engine for Python.
spinekivy 	Spine skeleton renderer for Kivy framework.
stanczyk 	Client software for the exercises in Crypto 101, the introductory book on cryptography.
strawpy 	Strawpy is a python wrapper for the strawpoll API.
subterrex 	A pygame based game of subterranean exploration
sugargame2 	A fork of sugargame, a module for using pygame in the Sugar toolkit
tacman 	A tactical, turn-based clone on PACMAN
tale 	Interactive Fiction, MUD & mudlib framework
tictactoe-py 	Yet another Python Tic-Tac-Toe library
tunasloth 	an RPG engine
Tymeventure 	A curses-based adventure game
vrep-api-python 	Simple python binding for V-REP robotics simulator
WordGolf 	Word game that combines Boggle-like word finding with golf.
wowapi 	Python library for the World of Warcraft Community API
xiangqi-setup 	Command line tool to generate razor-sharp Xiangqi (Chinese chess) setup graphics
xo 	A Tic-tac-toe CLI game and library.
xsge_tmx 	xSGE TMX Library
yaurtww 	Yet Another Urban Terror Wget Wrapper.
advent-of-code-data 	Get your puzzle data with a single import
adventurelib 	Easy text adventures
AISTLAB_nitrotyper 	https://www.nitrotype.com auto typer
BalazarBrothers 	A 3D action/puzzle game.
beam_interactive 	reference Robot implementation for Beam Interactive
bearlibterminal 	BearLibTerminal is a pseudoterminal window library
CAGE 	A generic and fairly complete cellular automata simulation engine.
CatsAss 	Seriously the cats ass. Seriously.
cbstats 	CraftBukkit Stats
chesstab 	Database for chess games
cocograph 	A tile editor for cocos2d.
computercraft 	Pythonization of ComputerCraft Minecraft mod. Write Python instead Lua!
CSBuddy 	A Counter-Strike server log file monitor and administration tool
CursingSpock 	A SpockBot plugin for controlling the client from the terminal. Built with Curses.
delv 	Module for making tools interoperable with Delver
deuces 	Deuces: A pure Python poker hand evaluation library
Dililatum 	A quest system for simple RPGs
dogesay 	Like cowsay but doge
dota2py 	Python tools for Dota 2
ds4drv 	A Sony DualShock 4 userspace driver for Linux
elo 	A rating system for chess tournaments
E.S.P.-Hadouken 	Guide the dot through each level without touching the black areas
eveparser 	A Python library to help parse various things that are copy/pastable from the Eve Online UI.
factotum 	A tool to control a headless factorio server.
figment 	A framework for creating multiplayer, text-based worlds.
frog 	Improved and extended turtle graphics like module
GameBaker 	High level framework for making games and simulations based on Pygame
gameobjects 	Classes for help wth game creation
GameSpy4Query_Python3 	Server object to query game servers using the Gamespy4 Protocol or UT3.
ggmt 	Good Game Match Ticker - command line application for tracking matches of various e-sport games
gitgud 	Git Gud - a utility for when you are told to 'get good'
grailmud 	A Python MUD server
hslog 	Hearthstone Power.log parser
intelurls 	Parse Ingress Intel, Google Maps, and Apple Maps URLs
ipuz 	Python library for reading and writing ipuz puzzle files
Jouets 	Bric-à-brac de programmes mathématiques « amusants »
Kamaelia 	Kamaelia - Multimedia & Server Development Kit
krpc.clientgen 	Generate client source code for kRPC services.
KTextSurfaceWriter 	A PyGame addon for display text over surface with many dimension bounds
kytten 	GUI Framework for Pyglet
LameStationTools 	A collection of pixelated paint tools for the LameStation.
libtcod-cffi 	A Python cffi port of libtcod.
macht 	A 2048 clone in python with Terminal UI
Magnetospheres 	Physics based puzzle game - use magnets to guide balls through a series of challenging levels.
memecomplete-desktop 	Desktop client for https://memecomplete.com.
merlyn 	A server backend for interactive online exercises.
mpf 	Mission Pinball Framework
mtg-deck-editor 	A GUI deck editor for the card game Magic: The Gathering.
mtg-ssm 	A tool to manage Magic: the Gathering collection spreadsheets.
NBT 	Named Binary Tag Reader/Writer
NodeBox-for-OpenGL 	2D animation with Python code
onkyo-eiscp 	Control Onkyo receivers over ethernet.
padsniff 	Command-line tool to sniff Puzzle & Dragons data.
pair 	a ladder pairing/matching library
palabra 	A free crossword editor
py6Nimmt 	6 Nimmt! cardgame
pyasteroids 	Python asteroids game demonstrating pyagents library
pybass 	ctypes python module for BASS and wxPython(+Phoenix) player control for play stream or file
pykhet 	A general library for the board game khet
PyMunkTMX 	Load shapes from Tiled maps as pymunk objects.
pyparadox 	PyParadox is a nix launcher for Paradox titles.
pypubg 	Query data from Player Unknown Battleground stat tracker
pyspacewar 	A game loosely inspired by the original Spacewar
python-chess 	A pure Python chess library with move generation and validation, Polyglot opening book probing, PGN reading and writing, Gaviota tablebase probing, Syzygy tablebase probing and UCI engine communication.
python-shogi 	A pure Python shogi library with move generation and validation and handling of common formats.
PyTMX 	Map loader for TMX Files - Python 2.7
PyVMF 	A Python library for editing Source Engine VMF files
PyWhist 	A rather primitive bridge game
pyword 	What's My Word
pywumpus 	Hunt the Wumpus (1972) Python translation.
PyZufall 	Generiert zufällige Daten wie Namen, Berufe, Bandnamen, ein Datum, Sätze oder den Datensatz einer Personen.
ranking 	Ranking collection
rawdata 	Generate realistic raw datasets with optional DQ issues
rof-rcon-client 	RCon client for Rise of Flight dedicated server.
scriptcraft 	Scriptcraft programming game - program your units to fight against other players.
Shellpic 	Display images using escape codes
SimpleGUICS2Pygame 	Primarily a standard Python module reimplementing the SimpleGUI particular module of CodeSkulptor (a browser Python interpreter).
smullpeg 	a lamentable peg game
spawningtool 	Build order parser for StarCraft 2 replays
spunkybot 	An automated game server bot and RCON tool for Urban Terror
stardust-rpg 	
sudokulib 	Tools for generating solutions and starting grids for Sudoku.
symboliczinc 	an RPG
telegram-game 	Asyncio telegram bot framework for games
Thanatos 	A Python library for generating EVE Online trivia questions.
TournamentMaster 	CLI for running tournaments between chess engines
trueskill 	The video game rating system
vimddr 	Improve your vim reflexes!
Wah-Cade 	A front-end for arcade games & emulators.
where2Go 	Your weekend-adventure assistant
whirls 	A fullscreen program that displays an animated, twisting tessellation of whirls.
word2number 	Convert number words eg. three hundred and forty two to numbers (342).
abalone 	Abalone strategy game
adjutant 	A Python library for parsing StarCraft II replays.
AEI 	Arimaa Engine Interface tools
Anagrammer 	Anagramming tools.
arthur 	Software for the exercises in Crypto 101, the introductory book on cryptography.
astralnetworking 	A very high level gaming network protocol built on top of podsixnet
battleship 	a battleship game with a curses interface
bggcli 	Command Line Interface for BoardGameGeek.com
bGrease 	BasicGrease: The highly extensible game engine framework for Python
checkers 	A simple program to play Checkers with two people on the same computer.
civ5-wallpapers 	Use Civilization V wallpapers on your Linux desktop
conreality 	Conreality Software Development Kit (SDK) for Python
crossword 	Python library for handling crossword puzzles
defusedivision 	Terminal based multiplayer (and singleplayer) minesweeper
Dieroller 	polyhedral die roller for games
distacc 	Distributed object access
django-bingo-autotopic 	Bingo Autotopic
django-bingo-tweets 	Bingo Tweets
DotStar_Emulator 	DotStar_Emulator is a Adafruit_DotStar LED strip emulator to speed up development of controller software.
dyce 	Randomizer toolkit, with custom dice expression parser.
easypg 	Various tools to simplify the use of Pygame
ecm 	EVE Corp Management is a management and decision-making helper-application for EVE Online.
edsudoku 	Utility and website for generating solvable sudoku puzzles
elzzur 	elzzur solves a Ruzzle board, listing all the valid words with their scores.
Empire-of-Fantasy 	A multiplayer turn-based game of fantasy
emsm 	A lightweight, easy to extend mineraft server manager
eveapi2 	Sane EVE Online API
evecentral 	A small module to cache eve central prices in memory
extrom 	ROM Extraction tool from archived ROM set file
EzPyGame 	An easier way to use pygame
fac-cli 	Command-line mod manager for Factorio (install, update...).
gallows 	The word game Hangman based on 'Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python'.
gameclock 	The Gameclock
glooey 	An object-oriented GUI library for pyglet.
gw2api 	Guild Wars 2 API
hsreplay 	A library for creating and parsing HSReplay files
inteltime 	Intel checkpoint and cycle calculator for Niantic Lab's Ingress(tm)
jdhp-tictactoe 	Play the classic Tic-Tac-Toe game.
jubatu-chess 	Jubatu chess plugin
KezMenu 	A simple and basical Pygame library for fast develop of menu interfaces
kundalini 	LÖVE-like PyGame API
level 	Level system for games
Lyntin 	Python-based mud client
mal 	A command line interface to your MyAnimeList profile
mattricks 	A free helper program for hattrick players.
memegen 	Caption images, from command line, using ImgFlip or MemeGenerator APIs.
memegen-desktop 	Desktop client for https://memegen.link.
ModernGL 	ModernGL: PyOpenGL alternative
mpyq 	A Python library for extracting MPQ (MoPaQ) files.
multi-elo 	ELO score calculator for more than two players
nac 	Noughts and Crosses (aka Tic Tac Toe) game implementation
nagaram 	Scrabble anagram finder
Naghni 	A breath-taking side-scroller focusing on round lifeforms
nodebox-opengl 	NodeBox for OpenGL is a free, cross-platform library for generating 2D animations with Python programming code.
nonogram-solver 	A nonogram puzzle solver.
normalizePGN 	Helper scripts to fix PGN meta-data before importing them to Chess DB (like SCID)
orbit_framework 	Ein Python-Framework für robuste TinkerForge-Anwendungen
paloma 	Paloma Relational Music Management System
Parterre 	A set of variants for the Parlance Diplomacy Framework.
Pasty 	Serverless state management using online text services.
peng3d 	Python and pyglet based 3D Engine and toolkit
pgext 	Pygame Extension - set of image filters
pgnparser 	A python PGN parser
pi3d 	pi3d OpenGLES2 3D graphics library
Playtools 	Playtools for RPG Software
pokercore 	A poker engine core, in Python
pybik 	Rubik's cube game
pyborg 	Markov chain bot for irc which generates replies to messages
PyCEGUI 	Python bindings for CEGUI library
PyChess-Anderssen 	Chess client
pycho 	A game engine for Python 2 and 3 with built in AI
pyfov 	A Python interface to libfov.
pyg.exe 	A binary launcher for PyGame.
pyirrlicht 	ctypes python module for Irrlicht Engine SDK.
pyplanet 	Maniaplanet Server Controller
pysdl2-harness 	Some simple classes to make working with pysdl2 easier
pysnake 	A curses-based cross-python version of Snake with zoom and rewind modes
PySoy 	3D Game Engine for Python
python3-openttd 	OpenTTD administration client library
python_hangman 	Python Hangman TDD/MVC demonstration.
python-xonotic-db 	library to read and write Xonotic databases
PyWright 	Engine and scripting language to create and run Phoenix Wright fan cases
quidditas 	Entity framework for games
rayter 	Game rating command line tool
rconbot 	Framework to write 'bots' that use the Nexuiz rcon protocol.
redelvlib 	GUI editor using delv
Reversi 	A version of the Reversi board game intended for casual play.
riotwatcher 	RiotWatcher is a thin wrapper on top of the Riot Games API for League of Legends.
rogue_scores 	online Rogue scores leaderboard
rputils 	An application for dice rolling and reading PDF files.
rstgo 	A package to render go diagrams and embed them in reStructuredText documents
sappho 	2D game engine (pygame)
sc2reader 	Utility for parsing Starcraft II replay files
solarwolf 	SolarWolf is an action/arcade game written entirely in Python.
solidpinball 	A digital fabrication framework for pinball machines using Python
stargateRL 	A sci-fi rouge-like game, developed in Python using Pyglet.
steamfront 	A simple plugin to allow you to nicely access things on the Steam API and web server.
sudokumaker 	Genetic-Algorithm based Sudoku generator (and solver)
sudoku-wxpython 	A Sudoku game build in wxpython
synthpressure 	An engineer's attempt at a game engine.
tictactoelib 	Ultimate Tic Tac Toe game logic (Lua and Python bindings)
tmxlib 	Library for manipulating TMX tile maps
turtlepower 	A tool for advanced use of the turtle module
TuxFighter 	Asteroids like shooter game written in python and pygame
twitchy-term 	A terminal tool for browsing/streaming on Twitch.tv.
TZMud 	TZMud is a Python MUD server.
uberpong 	An Uber-engineered PONG clone
unicards 	Convert strings into unicode playing cards
vmflib 	A package for creating Valve Map Format (VMF) files for the Source engine
xsge_path 	xSGE Path
zanthor 	Zanthor is a game where you play an evil robot castle which is powered by steam. @zanthorgame #python #pygame
agarnet 	agar.io client and connection toolkit
anikom15 	Anikom15’s Computer Game
asyncdgt 	Communicate asynchronously with DGT boards
bloobs 	Easy shooting game
boardgamegeek 	A Python interface to boardgamegeek.com's API
boatman 	A simple logic game.
bouncy 	You are a hungry rabbit. Eat food to complete the level.
cassiopeia 	Riot Games Developer API Wrapper (3rd Party)
cbeams 	I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off theshoulder of Orion. I watched c-beams glitter in the dark, near the TannhäuserGate. All those moments will be lost, in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.
chessboard 	CLI to solve combinatoric chess puzzles.
cinefiles 	Organize your movie folder and files
collage 	Creates collages of miniature images that resemble the originals.
Collector 	Collector is a management application
comic-scraper 	Scraps comics,mangas and creates cbz files for offline reading
cwmud 	Clockwork MUD server
dice 	A library for parsing and evaluating dice notation
dicetables 	get all combinations for any set of dice
die 	Library for simulating dice, dice rolls, and stats on dice.
dotapatch 	Parse Dota 2 text patches to html format.
dynmap_timemachine 	Create extremely large images from Minecraft server's Dynmap plugin.
ecs 	An entity/component system library for games
eval7 	A poker hand evaluation and equity calculation library
eveapi 	Python library for accessing the EVE Online API.
EVELink 	Python Bindings for the EVE Online API
FallingRocks 	Implementation of the game FallingRocks in Python
Flappy 	Multimedia library with the Adobe Flash-like API
ForestQuest 	An exiting RPG
fortune3py 	Fortune cookies for Python3
freegames 	Free Games
gamefaqs-py 	Retrieve and manage game data from GameFAQS.
gamerec 	Library to process 2 players' games recordings (only chess now)
Glarf 	Side-scrolling platformer. The "Web 2.0" of games
gridly 	A Python library for managing fixed-size 2D spaces
Horton 	A library of grids and other fine amusements. Contains a Grid and Grid-like data structures and optional modules for rendering them with pygame, creating cellular-automata simulations, games, and such things.
imperialism-remake 	Open source remake of Imperialism
IVAO-status 	Status of IVAO for Linux it's an application for Linux Users to see Pilots and Controllers in the IVAO network
kakuro 	Library to represent and solve Kakuro puzzles.
Legenda 	Ajusta o tempo da legenda com o filme
librarian 	Python advanced card game library.
lolpy 	Package for Interaction with the League of Legends API
mazingame 	A game of maze.
mobai 	A very simple moba-inspired game engine for bots
Motherhamster 	A 2D game engine emphasizing built-in editors
mpf-monitor 	MPF Monitor
mudpyl 	Python MUD client
nesasm 	NES Assembly Compiler
neveredit 	The neveredit NWN Module Editor
nicedice 	Dice roller with IRC color codes
ninjaturtle 	A re-implementation of python stdlib's turtle module
othello 	Implementation of Othello/Reversi for AI course instruction
overwatch-stats 	A library to query a player's overwatch stats from Battle.net
padtools 	A package for the popular iOS & Android game "Puzzle & Dragons" (PAD)
Panda3D 	Latest stable release, Python 2 only
papageorge 	Simple client for the Free Internet Chess Server
partypi 	Party Pi is a computer vision emotion detection game with OpenCV and Microsoft Oxford Emotion API.
peerplays 	Python library for PEERPLAYS
pica 	A curses-based probabilistic cellula automata.
picraft 	An alternate Python interface for Minecraft.
platformer-game 	atmospheric platformer game
pokyr 	Poker hand evaluating modules that provide fast enumerations.Both C Extension module it's pure python analogies are included.
pybullet 	Official Python Interface for the Bullet Physics SDK Robotics Simulator
PyFense 	PyFense is a tower defense game built in using Python 3, the cocos2d and pyglet frameworks. If you want to contribute in any way (art, code, balancing, bug reporting) you can do so here: https://github.com/likyng/pyfense/ . Thank you!
PyFortune 	Port of the classic fortune program to python
pygameoflife 	An agent-based implementation of Conway's Game of Life
pygext 	Pygame Extended: OpenGL accelerated 2D game programming framework
pyHanoi 	An interative solver for the Towers of Hanoi game
pykinect 	PyKinect Module for interacting with the Kinect SDK
pymage 	Pygame helper package
Pynames 	name generation library
PyOpenGL_game 	Simple OpenGL game
PyQStat 	A Python wrapper around QStat, the realtime game server status tool
PyRisk 	Python Risk engine with assorted player interfaces.
pyrogi 	A feature-rich roguelike game engine focused on ease of development and beauty through text graphics.
pyschelling 	An agent-based implementation of Schelling's segregation model
pyscroll 	Scrolling maps library for pygame and python 2.7 & 3.3+
pyskool 	A remake of 'Skool Daze' and 'Back to Skool' using Pygame
pySpellbook 	A PDF spellbook creation utility for d20 games in python
pysrcds 	Python library for interacting with Source engine dedicated servers
pySudoku 	Cross platform implementation of sudoku using python 2.4 and wxWidgets
python-2048a 	A game engine for 2048
python-weewar 	Python wrapper for the Weewar XML API
qanat 	A shoot-em-up inspired by the classic Galaxians game. Repel waves of invaders using your gun turret. Manage the temperature of the turret to avoid overheating and watch your ammo level to avoid running out in the later levels.
regalias 	Elona-like alias generator for Python, with CLI.
rpi-dots 	Software for the DOTS board for the Raspberry Pi
rubik-box 	Rubik's cube solver
sgf 	Python library for reading and writing Smart Game Format
sgfmill 	Library for reading and writing files using Smart Game Format (SGF).
shadowloss 	A stickman-oriented game against time
shisensho 	Shisen Sho Game
SimpleGUITk 	A wrapper for the CodeSkulptor SimpleGUI API using TkInter
skills 	Implementation of the TrueSkill, Glicko and Elo Ranking Algorithms
slugathon 	Fantasy battle board game
SoL 	Carrom tournaments management
space-aliens 	top-down space shooter
spine-cython 	Spine runtimes for python.
spyse 	spyse is a development framework and platform for building multi-agent systems using the Python programming language
stdBang 	a "Scorched Earth" -like game that uses only stdio
stockfish 	Wraps the open-source Stockfish chess engine for easy integration into python.
stratumgs 	A turn based game engine designed to pit autonomous players against each other.
substances 	Substance-oriented programming
SudokuStudyLib 	Sudoku Solving Library
Sutekh 	VtES Card Collection Manager
taemin 	Le plus bot du monde
theword 	Humor inspired by `import this` and _The Trashmen_
tictactoe 	Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe tictactoe front-end
tmx 	Simple TMX library.
Trivial-Sudoku 	A trvial Python implementation of a Sudoku solver
twitchwatcher 	A tiny wrapper for livestreamer to watch twitch streams
umodules 	Organize your Unity Projects with uModules
uncrumpled_kivy 	A software library for rapid development of hardware-accelerated multitouch applications.
untdl 	DO NOT USE - tdl has been updated and is superior
UXBgtk 	A Gtk version of the Mines game intended for casual play.
Veripeditus 	
WordUtils 	Word-related objects used for word searching and matching.
xmm 	A package manager for Xonotic.
xsge_gui 	xSGE GUI Toolkit
xsge_lighting 	xSGE Lighting Library
xsge_particle 	xSGE Particles
zoid 	Commandline tool for easy hosting of project zomboid servers
adnd2e-combat-simulator 	A tool to simulate combat in AD&D 2nd Edition
aglar 	Standalone OpenGL agar.io Python client using pyglet and agarnet
autosimulationcraft 	A python script to run SimulationCraft reports for World of Warcraft characters when their gear/stats/level/etc. changes.
bofhexcuse 	Generate random BOFH themed technical excuses!
bullet-dodger 	fun and challenging mouse game where you must dodge bullets
ccxxv 	Crossword solving assistant
chessproblem.ui 	The user interface to edit chessproblems for tex files using the chess-problem-diagrams latex style.
clarent 	Shared API definitions for an online exercise system
cocos2d 	a 2D framework for games and multimedia
connect4 	N-in-a-row Game
conway 	A simple, colorful Game Of Life demo on the terminal
curses-2048 	2048 implementation with python and ncurses
DangerUXB 	A version of the Mines game intended for casual play.
deep-blue-talks 	bestow speech unto chess engines
demopan 	A cross-platform Source demo organiser
djangocms-minecraft 	A set of Django plugins that will display live Minecraft server status and information within your project.
energy 	Energy system for social games
esmbc 	EVE Online Ship Maintenance Bay Calculator
EVE-SRP 	EVE Ship Replacement Program Helper
exogene 	A tower defence type game with multiple waves of enemies attacking multiple points to defend.
factoirc 	Bidirectional IRC bridge for Factorio
FFGo 	A powerful graphical launcher for the FlightGear flight simulator
fortune 	Python version of old BSD Unix fortune program
Fyreside 	Talker-style MUD with card game features
gauge 	Deterministic linear gauge library
gbboxcli 	Command-line interface for gbbox
GitBanshee 	Play sound effects when you commit, checkout and merge in git.
glad 	Multi-Language GL/GLES/EGL/GLX/WGL Loader-Generator based on the official specs.
gravnoise 	a block-based, gravity-infused puzzle game
grease 	Grease: The highly extensible game engine framework for Python
halo5.py 	A wrapper for the Halo 5: Guardians API
jubatu 	XMPP gaming client
Kimboot 	A sick and addictive arcade game.
kivy-okapi 	Grid-based game framework built with Kivy 1.9
kriegspiel 	Python Kriegspiel Game
last-train-to-nowhere 	Last Train to Nowhere
LatinSquareSolver 	Solve Latin Squares
lazycat 	A simple game of cat and mouse
librarian-curator 	None
lmj.nethack 	A pty wrapper for nethack
lol_scraper 	A python script and library to download and store League of Legends matches with Riot API
magic_square 	Simple operations with magic squares.
mccurse 	Minecraft Curse CLI Client
Mind 	Mind is library for games in Python
minipoker 	Poker Game
mpf-mc 	Mission Pinball Framework Media Controller
mtg 	Console-based access to the Gatherer Magic Card Database.
mtglib 	Magic the Gathering Python library
mudpy 	The mudpy MUD server engine.
NBTParse 	NBT swiss army knife
nxturtle 	Implementation of a Python turtle for LEGO Mindstorms NXT
otfbot 	a modular IRC-Bot
othellotk 	Edax gui to play Othello against the Edax engine
owyl 	The goal of Owyl: provide a fast and flexible Behavior Tree library implemented in python.
Parang 	A set of clients for the Parlance Diplomacy Framework.
Parlance 	A framework for playing the Diplomacy board game over a network.
patin 	Simple develop kit for kids and programming teachers.
pazudorasolver 	Puzzles and Dragons board solver
pbox 	Pbox is a simple module that makes it easier to handle persistent data using pickle or json.
PokerCards 	Python module for working with poker cards and managing games.
pyadventure 	A text-based RPG engine for Python.
pybrood 	Broodwar API binding
PyChess 	A simple chess game adjudicator
PyCross 	Singleplayer/Multiplayer Tic-Tac-Toe game
pycsdl2 	Simple DirectMedia Layer
pydart2 	Python Interface for DART Simulator
pydealer 	A package for constructing decks of playing cards, for games.
pygameui 	GUI framework for Pygame
pyglet 	Cross-platform windowing and multimedia library
pygnetic 	Network library for Pygame
pyifbabel 	A pure-Python implementation of the Treaty of Babel
PyKoan 	Game of Logic
pymcts 	Python implementation of Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS)
PyMLGame 	PyMLGame is an abstraction layer to easily build games for Mate Light inspired by PyGame.
PyMT 	A framework for making accelerated multitouch UI
PyRA2 	Python support for Robot Arena 2 file formats.
pystockfish 	Wraps the open-source Stockfish chess engine for easy integration into python.
pySudokuSolver 	A small graphical utility for solving any Sudoku puzzle, almost instantaneoulsy.
QLDS-Manager 	Quake Live Dedicated Server Manager
render_pipeline 	Physically Based Rendering and Deferred Shading for the Panda3D Game Engine
riot-observer 	Python light wrapper for the Riot Games API for League of Legends
Rubik 	A Rubik's Cube game.
samuel 	A Draughts Program
sc2replay-lib 	Basic library for reading details about a Blizzard (TM) StarCraft(TM) 2 replay file
Shatranj-Chess-Program 	Bitboard based chess engine and toolkit
simpack 	Pack of tools useful to develop 2D games
simpletcp 	Simple non-blocking TCP communcation.
sokoenginepy 	Sokoban and variants game engine
spectrumwars 	A programming game where players compete for radio bandwidth.
Sprite-Craft-2D-Engine 	Easy x86/DirectX 2D game engine
spyral 	A Python library for game development
sudoku 	An implementation of the classic Sudoku puzzle game using the PyCUI interface
Sweepy 	A very basic minesweeper clone written in Pylons
Tapete 	Jogo de Paciência
tazlib 	Taz - Game Loop and Scene Stack Manager
tdl 	Pythonic cffi port of libtcod.
texture 	Micro-engine for creating text-based adventures
texturepacker 	Assemble texture packs for Minecraft
tictactoexxl 	A tic-tac-toe game with xxl fun
trosnoth 	Trosnoth network platform game
turgles 	An OpenGL ES renderer for LOGO style turtles.
twitched 	A Python library for quickly writing Twitch chat applications and custom chat bots.
vais 	Virtual AI Simulator runs agents and players across multiple worlds
venturer 	A game designed to teach you AI from the ground up
wernher 	Toolkit for Kerbal Space Program using kRPC
worldbuild 	Tools for computational world building
XPpkg 	X-Plane hassle free package installer
xsge_physics 	xSGE Physics Framework
YuleLog 	Terminal based X-Mas Yule Log Fireplace
csumb205-multimedia 	A easier-to-use, academic wrapper class for different multimedia
emoticry 	Mercilessly translates file names to emoji
glyphviewer 	A Django app for examining web fonts and the characters they contain.
mingus 	mingus is a music package for Python
diapason 	Python module to deal with note sounds.
WinWallpaper 	Windows Background Changer
flat-api 	Flat API Client
mobilechelonian 	Turtles in the Jupyter Notebook
musictheory 	Provides classes for "music set theory"-like analysis.
chordgenerator 	A Django app for enumerating chords in a scale.
matriz 	Networked Music Performance software
softsynth 	Proof of concept software synthesizer
